Document gRPC stram message's `metadata` (#1735)
grafana/k6-docs: docs/sources/next/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/_index.md

| [Stream.on(event, handler)](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/stream-on) | Sets up handler functions for various events on the gRPC stream.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
| [Stream.end()](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/stream-end)             | Signals to the server that the client has finished sending.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | [Metadata](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/message-metadata)           | An object, the second argument of handler function, with the metadata of a gRPC stream's message.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Metadata](https://grafana.com/docs/k6/<K6_VERSION>/javascript-api/k6-net-grpc/stream/message-metadata)           | The metadata of a gRPC stream's message. An object that can be passed as the second argument of a handler function.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
```
